08/06/2021 - Gerard

I put in the terrain. Its nice its basic but its a world we can walk around in.
I am not happy about the third person camera and the inventory system needs improvement on picking up items and droping items
(currently you can drop items by dragging an item to the bottom of the inventory menu only the sides wont work)
Assets are an issue. we need to get assets that will be used in the final project so a character (preferably customiseable)
the wolf form, buildings, food, animals, NPCs (could be randomised using some sort of character creator?) and terrain textures
(the terrain textures arent too bad but could be better). I made the swap camera button a public variable so now its currently
set to 'Q' but we can change this to whatever if we want very easily (Im very happy with that script)

My current goal is to create the most basic verision of our game and build from that so things like the map are NOT going to stay but gives us
an idea of what we can and cannot do.

I am going at the timmer next

UPDATE

I have the day and night cycle implemented I must just add the moon and stars for the night portion of the game

12/06/2021 - Gerard

I spent THE WHOLE DAY working on the third person camera. Not going to lie it broke my heart :D . but its getting somewhere now I am using
a component called cinemachine which creates a neat 3rd person camera. So I am trying to make it gel with my first person camera. Its close now
I feel that If i can figure out the rotation of the cameras when I swap cameras then I will be very very happy with it :D . other than that
I installed 3 survival bars 

Food
Water
and health

This is just to get into the survival element of the game. The food and water go down over time as well but i havent implemented anything that
will put them up or put the health down. Also if they reach zero nothing happens (so dont wait for that :P) 

I finally added in the audio sound also. This is just simple dirt sounds and doesnt match to the terrain so if i go on grass it will still 
sound like im walking on dirt. I just installed that .... for the craic.
